'My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.'
'How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.'
'If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?'
'The secret service isn\'t allowed to yell "Get down!" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell "Donald, duck!"'
'I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It\'s impossible to put down!'
'What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.'
'I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I\'ll let you know'
'What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language'
'My daughter screeched, "Daaaaaad, you haven\'t listened to one word I\'ve said, have you!?" What a strange way to start a conversation with me...'
'My wife tried to unlatch our daughter\'s car seat with one hand and said, "How do one armed mothers do it?" Without missing a beat I replied, "Single handedly."'
'When a dad drives past a graveyard: Did you know that\'s a popular cemetery? Yep, people are just dying to get in there!'
'My friend keeps saying "cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water." I know he means well.'
'Justice is a dish best served cold, if it were served warm it would be justwater.'
'The fattest knight at King Arthur\'s round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.'
'MOM: "How do I look?" DAD: "With your eyes."'
'What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAAAIIIINNNNS!”'
'3 unwritten rules of life...\n1. \n2. \n3.'
'Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They\'re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.'
'Don\'t trust atoms. They make up everything!'
'KID: "Dad, make me a sandwich!" DAD: "Poof, you\'re a sandwich!"'
'Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn\'t see himself doing it.'
'SERVER: "Sorry about your wait." DAD: "Are you saying I\'m fat?"'
'What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? AYE MATEY'
'CASHIER: "Would you like the milk in a bag, sir?" DAD: "No, just leave it in the carton!"'
'What\'s the best part about living in Switzerland? I don\'t know, but the flag is a big plus.'
'Why couldn\'t the bike standup by itself? It was two tired.'
'What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea!'
'GRANDPA: I have a \'dad bod\', DAD: To me it\'s more like a father figure.'
'What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.'
'When a dad drives past a cow pasture: LOOK! That cow is OUT-STANDING in his field!'
'What\'s Forrest Gump\'s password? 1forrest1'
'When you ask a dad if he\'s alright: "No, I\'m half left."'
'KID: "Hey, I was thinking…" DAD: "I thought I smelled something burning."'
'How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles.'
'SON: *hands my Dad his 50th birthday card*, DAD: You know, one would have been enough.'
'When a woman is giving birth, she is literally kidding.'
'A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry we don\'t serve food here."'
'Can February March? No, but April May!'
'What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.'
'Why did the crab never share? Because he's shellfish.'
'Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.'
'I just watched a documentary about beavers. It was the best dam show I ever saw!'
'What is Beethoven\'s favorite fruit? A ba-na-na-na.'
'When you ask a dad if they got a haircut: "No, I got them all cut!"'
'Where did the college-aged vampire like to shop? Forever 21.'
'Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere!'
'How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together!'
'Why don\'t skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have *no body* to go with!'
'Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn\'t see himself doing it!'
'I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!'
'To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!'
'My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home!'
'I\'m so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!'
'I thought about going on an all-almond diet… But that\'s just nuts!'
'My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down!'
'I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised!'
'I tell dad jokes but I have no kids…I\'m a faux pa!'
'Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!'
'Five out of four people admit they\'e bad with fractions!'
'The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this!'
'What\'s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!'
'I know a lot of jokes about retired people but none of them work!'
'What rhymes with boo and stinks? You!'
'What do Santa\'s elves listen to ask they work? Wrap music!'